Looking to get some local people who can help with letting people know what is around the venue.

Suggestion on getting some Bits Buddies Stickers

"I've spoken to a SQL Bits Buddie" only get them if they speak to a buddy 

Has to be visible front and back and easy to tell what they mean.  Armbands and hat mean its easy to see and very visible.

Steph to speak to commmitte about stickers and arm bands

Discussion about the early bird ticket sale ends.  This date would be pushed back so might later.

Start doing the drop in teams calls, on a monthly basis. 
Late November have a meeting 
Then have a meeting in January

Steph has the SQL bits tennat can set up the meetings.  Just requires dates and set up the the meetings in advance.
Noted that if offer Zoom meetings, then easier to allow people
If do more than one a day then can cover more than one time zone, eg one afternoon and one later in the day.

Events will be at community corner - not sure Craig is organising Steph will invite them to the this meeting.
The events in the community corner was not ideal, and suggested that they move to a different area.  As difficult to hear, and Buddies could not have conversations.

sponsors - do lighting talks at the community corner, or sponsor a game to get 
Lighting talks, where people can just turn up and speak?
These would not be running during breaks or lunchbreak
Scavenger hunt based at community corner 
Give each Buddie a QR code or a stamp and have to collect at least 10 codes to be to enter a competion

Bits Buddie will be scheduled the same way as room montioring. To ensure that people are allocated 
Get the favourite animal of each bits buddy
could it be dungeons and dragons based question

Ask Annbel - to ask 
Come up with a list of equipment that we require
Do we want a whiteboard - Yes
Do we want a montior  	- ???
Do we want post it notes - Yes

Seating did it suit us?
Bareny like the benenchs
Did we want more tables?
Stools so people can perch and talk

Barney - suggested about doing somethig virutal for the virtual atttendes.  Suggested doing a virtal tour of the venue so people can see the venue.

Bareny might be able to maybe get Simpson Associates to record the interviews of people interacted with SQL buddies.

By next meeting - get a list of dates for the next meetings to speak to 
