
Questions Robert F had before the meeting

- Who is organising community corner this year?

- What equipment do we need for the community corner? Last year we had to beg borrow steal a white board.

- What events will be running in the community corner

- How will the responsibilities of being a SQL Buddy impact on the role of also being a room monitor?

- Do we want to consider how to make us to stand out from the other volunteers?

- Social media campaign to raise the profile of the buddies - what do we want to say?

- How are do we want to communication to other volunteers who we are and what our purpose is?

- Do we want to do anything like buddies interviews again? Maybe Something different?

**Minutes of the meeting (what was chatted about)**

If we are having people there during the breaks, at the community corner could have this one the rota again. So we know who has volunteered to cover which break.

Regarding differentiating the SQL Buddies from the other SQL Buddies. Ask Annette if the armbands are available - so we could use that?

Another suggestion was to have a different coloured lanyard, or different name label. It was noted that some people wanted to be able to remove whatever  identified them as a SQL Buddy.

Social media - Jemma - Purple Frog

Probably a good idea to ensure we are feeding into the planning committee.

Doing support buddies calls again so we need to know when tickets go on sale

Calls with attendees or people considering attending SQL Bits, have certain themes for the calls

 - Why should you attend SQL bits?
 - How to pursue your boss to send you to SQL bits?
-  What get out of SQL Bits?
 - What does SQL Bits volunteer do?
 - Why should you become SQL Bits volunteer?

Ask Jemma to reuse the interviews with the SQL Buddies from 2022 to raise profile of SQL Buddies

Asked if video interviews should more in 2023. Suggested that ask for people who interacted with buddies and see what they thought?

* Angela spoke to someone who interacted with the SQL Buddies and really benefited from it

* Emma – spoke to a lady who has now put their name forward to volunteer this year.

* Robert F – Spoke to David at the community corner, and was really impressed with his DB monitor tool. Suggested he spoke to the community about it. (Completely forgot the conversation) Then meet David who was speaking Data Relay in Leeds, to a packed room, and his session when did very well.

* Who else has any comparable stories?

Present the ideas and find a timeline

Angela asked Robert F, if he had manged to complete the mission statement. No he had not yet :-(  He has done something now  
